Add Java code sample for OpenTelemetry drop-in support (#25622)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/interoperability/instrumentation_libraries.md

2. Copy the OpenTelemetry extension JAR containing the instrumentation to the same container as the application.
3. Set the `otel.javaagent.extensions` system property or the `OTEL_JAVAAGENT_EXTENSIONS` environment variable to the extension JAR path.

The following is an example of adding OpenTelemetry's R2DBC instrumentation to the Datadog Java SDK, it requires Java 17 and Maven 3:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials

cd tutorials/spring-reactive-modules/spring-reactive-data

curl -Lo dd-java-agent.jar 'https://dtdg.co/latest-java-tracer'

curl -Lo opentelemetry-javaagent-r2dbc.jar \
  'https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/opentelemetry/javaagent/instrumentation/opentelemetry-javaagent-r2dbc-1.0/2.5.0-alpha/opentelemetry-javaagent-r2dbc-1.0-2.5.0-alpha.jar'

mvn spring-boot:run -Dstart-class=com.baeldung.pagination.PaginationApplication \
  -Dspring-boot.run.jvmArguments='-javaagent:dd-java-agent.jar -Ddd.trace.otel.enabled=true -Dotel.javaagent.extensions=opentelemetry-javaagent-r2dbc.jar -Ddd.trace.split-by-tags=db.name,db.sql.table -Ddd.trace.debug=true'
```

open `http://127.0.0.1:8080/products` to exercise the product query.

> The `-Ddd.trace.split-by-tags=db.name,db.sql.table` setting is to give R2DBC spans a service name based on the table, if you don't want R2DBC spans to appear under a separate service then that setting can be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-Ddd.trace.split-by-tags=db.name,db.sql.table` setting gives R2DBC spans a service name based on the table. If you don't want R2DBC spans to appear under a separate service then that setting can be dropped.
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Versions 2.6.0-alpha and later of these OpenTelemetry instrumentations are not currently supported by the Datadog Java SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions 2.6.0-alpha and later of these OpenTelemetry instrumentations are not supported by the Datadog Java SDK.
```
